[THEME MUSIC]
>> Most spiritual teachings
speak of going within,
within holistic codes and the
signs of the sixth dimension.
This is the dimension
of the architects
from which the third
dimension is projected.
In the sixth dimension,
there is no matter,
no physical realities.
There are only geometric
models that designs
the patterns of the cosmos.
What we experience here
in the third dimension
begins with the
holographic designs
from the sixth dimension.
And locking this
dimension within,
we are able to create
our own reality.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Why is it important for spirits
to transform ether into matter?
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In this episode,
we will describe
the process in which the
spiritual mind creates
the physical worlds.
One of the main questions
that we all have
is where do we
come from, and how
all this reality was created?
And indeed, all the
reality that exists,
it just exists because
we hold it in our minds
and not because
it really exists.
All that we can
touch, feel, smell
is everything that we had
created in different realities
so we could experience
what we are,
what we already know
about ourselves.
And the main idea of
creating the realities
that we know today, it was to
have the environments in which
we could be seen,
where we could relate
our shapes, our
ideas of ourselves,
and we can touch it
and experience it.
So that is why the spiritual
mind of the universe
needed to create the path
so we could understand
the ways in which we could
express experience, integrate,
and transcend ourselves through
the different dimensions.
That is why the spirits in the
first stage of the universe
needed to create as
many ideas as possible
so we could see each other
in different reflections.
The way we created this,
it was through the mind.
Imagine that the mind of
the universe is like a sun.
The sun is the light,
everything is there,
everything comes from
the suns that were
exploded at the first time.
And then by gravity, it all
comes back to the same spot.
So imagine the mind
of the universe being
exactly the like a sun with
a lot of rays of light going
into different directions,
into every direction
without blocking any
part of the system.
So it could give light to
North, South, East, West,
to any part of the places
where you can see the sun.
And that is related with
different perceptions
of the mind and the universe.
Every ray of light
coming from the sun
is seen in different planets,
in different systems,
from different stars.
So imagine that every
one of those rays
are a spirit, the spirits are
just the rays of light coming
from the sun, from one self.
And this explains how every
spiritual being in the universe
are just only one being looking
into different directions.
When we see that,
when we understand
that the light coming from the
consciousness of the spirit
is just the mind trying
to reach every limitation,
every farthest spot
in the universe,
it's this mind trying
to reach everything
that it could possibly
imagine in the whole reality.
This is what we call
the Ivssa Eubath,
and it was the field where the
universe creates mind, ideas,
thoughts, dreams.
This energy was a positive
and negative energy
flowing around moving
the energy of light
through all the universe.
And these created the
different perspectives
in which the creators,
the minds that
were dreaming in
the universe, could
see the possibilities
of everything
that they could possibly do.
So for the first
stage, the spirits
were just looking into the space
like if it was a movie where
they could see every timeline of
everything that could possibly
be created and they could
see the past, the present,
and the future of all of it.
This is related with
Plato in Greece used
to call the world of ideas.
This mind of the universe that
was creating all the shapes
and mixing all the shapes
to create new ones,
all this was just an
illusion, a projection
from the sun creating
different levels of vibration
through the heat or
the cold according
to where the rays of lights
were moving through the space.
This energy and vibration
is what we call ether.
Ether was just sound,
ideas, mind lights vibrating
through the spiritual world.
From ancient times,
ether means heaven,
means those things that are
out there and you cannot touch,
those things that are
related with the blue sky.
That's the ether.
The space of light, the space
that you cannot see but you
just can feel, it's the reason
why everything is connected.
The main rays of light were 12.
These 12 rays created
the first lights--
the first ideas of how the
universe should be created.
These structures
of light of sound
were the different perspectives
and the different concepts
that we have from God,
from the universe,
and that's why we call the
vibrations of the truth.
That's what we call now
the archangels, the aspects
of the universe that were
projected from this core
and that filled the universe
with this energy creating
ideas, visions, and dreams.
That's why we also call
the universe the dreamer,
and we are its dreams that
are in a physical form trying
to leave every
one of its dreams.
The spirits that were
projected in these 12 shapes
were the ones trying to create
different ways in which they
could experience this
creation, these ideas.
According to their
own vibration,
they settle different aspects
of these experimentations.
So according to their
level of vibration,
they would have a name, a
vibration that represents them.
So that's how the groups of
spirits appear in the universe,
and that's where our
spiritual names come from.
The vibrations in
which the light
was projected into the universe
created the different levels
of sounds that creates what we
call now the spiritual names.
These different
names could create
the idea of structures in the
universe for the first time.
These 12 structures were
like mirrors reflecting
the light of the spirits
towards the core.
So as farthest the
light of consciousness
would go in the universe,
these 12 structures of sound
would create a mirror that would
shape the path towards the self
again.
This is like a big bowl
expanding through the universe,
but it is really not expanding.
It is going inside.
As farther you go in
the outside, the closest
you are to the core.
This system created
like a labyrinth
in the universe in which
every being-- doesn't
matter where it goes, it
will always go to the inside.
And this was always repeated
once and again, once and again
during the mind time
of the universe.
This flow of energy through
positive going out and negative
going in in between
the mirrors of mind
created such amount of energy
that every one of the spirits
could create their own
timelines and their own ideas
of the universe.
So this idea about
leaving was one
of the first things
that made spirits
to understand that they
were able to imagine
the ways in which they could
live, experience, feel, smell,
see, touch all of their ideas.
The main idea of
the ether was to put
the energy of the negative and
the positive in the magnetism.
Magnetism for the mind
was this connection
that put everything together
like a bond of vibration that
makes everything
transform constantly
in between positive
and negative.
So it would gather
every experience
of positive and
negative into one,
creating the structures that
would build for the first time
the biggest structure
ever created
in the universe, an atom.
This atom created
the first structure
that was the bricks to
build every other reality.
That is why the main creation
of the spirit was the ether.
The ether put together
all the structures
of positive and negative,
and by bending itself
through time and
space would start
to create different
ideas of structures
that we after that call
the earth, the water, fire,
and air.
And in Atlantan
times and Khem time,
we understood the tetrahedron
is the species of fire,
the cube is a species of
earth, the icosahedron
is a species of air,
and the dodecahedron
is the species of water.
And then we have
the ethereal beings
in the octahedran,
which is the self.
So these statements of reality
were all bounded by the ether.
Ether is related for humans
like the energy of love.
Love is the closest
concept that we could have
to understand what ether is.
Love is similar to gravity.
Gravity is the connection in
between all the realities,
but gravity is
not something that
attaches polarity together.
Gravity is the strings
being stretched
through time and space.
Space and time are
the same thing,
are all these structures. that
you can relate with the spider
web that you can stretch in the
universe, and by stretching it,
all the ties get this high
level of vibration or low level
of vibration like in
a guitar, the strings
of a piano or a
guitar, that starts
to vibrate in different levels.
So gravity is not something
that pulls us towards something.
It's something that is
stretching realities
and that connects them all.
So imagine that
you have a spider
web in the mind in this
reality like neurons connecting
the whole network of
reality and you just
put your hand in four
places of this network
and you just start to tie them
to turn it so it stretches
as much as possible.
So all the strings start
to be really tight.
And that creates
the idea of water.
That creates the idea
of earth, fire, and air.
But the strings are the
same for all of them.
So the fifth element is
indeed the first one,
the main material of mind that
connects all the vibrations
in the universe.
This structure of
creation was the one
that bent the ninth, eighth,
seventh and sixth dimension
into the fifth, fourth,
third, and second dimension.
This structure created the
new idea of the universe
so every one of the portals
created through ether
would be able to not
only believed in the time
but also believed in the space.
So what before it was the
species of earth, fire, air,
and water in the ether
realities now would bend itself
so many times once and
again in every expression
that the vibration
of the atoms would
be stretched so much and so much
that gravity would be harder.
And this gravity would
attach by vibration.
All the other atoms
in the same rhythm
are vibrations creating
the first structures
of minerals of water and
the first sparks of fire
and the first gases
that created air.
Ether then was this energy
that connects every reality
through time and space, and once
you have these different levels
surrounding the universe
and this vibration
creating the names, each one
of them has their own job.
Their own job was to
relate their own process
through earth, through
fire, through air,
through water in the past, in
the present, and the future.
So we have the total phases
calling the 12 archangels
of reality or also in the sixth
dimension the 12 architects
of realities.
The 12 architects were
not people or beings
outside the system
creating the system.
They were the
conjunction of ideas
that are connected by the
same amount of energy that
modifies itself in order to
see the different perspectives
of itself.
This being is for the
image is like a puppet
with many strings, and
each one of those strings
is like one of those
rays of light coming
from the core of
the universe that
moves through
vibration the only one
being that they are projecting.
So every one of
our spirits is just
a line, a string that is moving
the body of an archangel.
This main structure
helps us to understand
that every creation
in the universe
is being created
by each one of us.
It's not something
bigger creating us.
It's the smallest
part of. the universe
creating the biggest ones.
By understanding
that every being is
an energy that we call soul
and that we all are connected
through time and space,
we can understand
that everything is just one.
only being divided into many.
And that also explains
the relationships
we have with other
souls, with the families.
The souls that are
bounded in families,
they travel in groups.
They are all the same vibration.
So what we can
understand about that
is that every being
being connected
are just different bodies
of just one only soul.
This means that as the tree
has only one trunk, which
is the spirit divided
in different souls,
these souls that
are energy start
to split like mitosis to create
many other souls from just one
vibration, and those
other souls can
leave many and different
lives through the matter.
So we can think that
our body has one soul,
but we are part of
groups of souls.
Normally to understand
how many souls are just
one body in the
universe, you need
to multiply yourself
and find the number 144.
Once you have 144, you will
find the amount of souls
that are bounded to you.
This 144 creates the structure
of what we call the octahedron.
The octahedron is the
being, but each one of US
has its own octahedron.
But in the universe
there are thousands
of octahedrons that are created
by 144 souls which are all
connected to just one soul.
This only being that
has this 144 aspects
are all these
soulmates that we have
in every planet, every
dimension, every world so
in the ethereal realities
and the physical realities,
so that's the bigger soul.
That's the big
soul that unites us
all in different
parallel realities.
All these different beings
that exist in just one soul
are divided in different
times and different spaces,
so it doesn't mean that
they are living all
as humans in our own
reality in this time.
They can be in different
times in different spaces
and be different realities.
So maybe one of those
soulmates are just a stone.
Maybe some of them are living
in Jupiter or out of the galaxy.
They are split all
over their reality
because they are just
mirrors through time
and space of yourself.
So it's not something
we need to look for.
It's something we need
to be connected to.
Imagine all this structure
of octahedrons one matching
with the other like creating
this structure of geometry
that dividing itself into
thousands and thousands
of millions could create
billions and billions of beings
that are just one soul.
This structure can
create a sphere,
and this sphere that is
created is just one soul
that is divided in thousands
of souls all connected to one
core, which is the spirit.
This is what we call
the spiritus mundi.
The spiritus mundi is how
thousands and billions
of beings related
in just one sphere
are projections of
just one same energy.
So every being doesn't matter
which realm, which time,
which space.
They are all just projections
from one only self
and doesn't matter through which
reality, through which animal,
plant, stone, human, doesn't
matter in which dimension
in this planet if fourth
dimension, fifth dimension
of earth, in the
third dimension,
doesn't matter to which one
of them are you related to.
You are connected
to the same spirit.
That was a term
used by the ancients
to explain how alchemy worked
because the transformation
of realities was not
how to handle or modify
structures outside yourself.
It was to know that
you are a projection
from the core of this mundus.
And from that core, you
could be able to relate
with the main structure
of every being that
is living in this world.
So by changing yourself,
you can change this reality.
It's not a concept that
helps us understand
that everything has a spirit.
It helps us to understand that
everything is just one spirit.
And if you reach that one
spirit, you become the world.
This is the connection
to the divine,
and the beings that were related
to it have different names.
One of them was Buddha
who could relate itself
with the beings of the nature.
That's why he knew that he
could understand himself
through the beings alive that
doesn't matter if they were
animals or plants or humans.
He could talk with the
spirit of the world.
And another one of them
that we know the most
was Jesus when he connected
with the pattern of vibration
that the ancients call
the spirit of the world
that in four letters
we call Yweh.
This concept is just the
vibration of the spirit.
It's not someone
outside the planet.
It is the planet, and that's
the goal of all of the beings
that are willing to
change realities.
You-- in order to
change the world
and to use the alchemy
to transform the matter,
you have to become the spirit
that projects every matter,
and that's the concept
of spiritus mundi.
So every being in
other dimensions
was a projection that
went through the patterns
of darkness to find the
different possibilities
of itself, creating
consciousness
through civilizations,
through species
that would be able
to allow spirits
to live their own dreams.
And that is why we now
are our own dreams.
We are living the dreams that
we created in many dimensions,
but we are not
separate from them.
We are all ether that are
very stretched in the gravity
that we are pulling so
the spirits can feel,
can hear, can listen,
can see, can touch,
can be born so we all spiritual
beings can live our own dreams.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will discover
how the six dimensional
architects of realities
create experiences and
worlds through matter
for the evolution
of consciousness.